---
layout: post
title:  "Education"
date:   2016-02-05 15:08:10 -0500
img: img/portfolio/cake.png
modalID: modalCake
category: Design
---
<div align="left">
<p>I am a lifelong learner who has a good balance of practical and academic education. I enjoy reading books on philosophy, politics, and good design, as well as taking online courses to improve my knowledge within the digital space. As an advocate for applying philosophy in everyday life and lover of all things digital, I have been fortunate to utilise my education in my professional and personal life. </p>
      </div>
<section class="grid">
      <hr>
      <div class="col lg-3 md-12 sm-12 section-title" align="left">
        <h3>University</h3>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-3 md-4 sm-12" align="left">
        <p>2014 - 2015</p>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-6 md-8 sm-12" align="left">
        <p><b>MSc Philosophy and Public Policy</b></p>
        <p>London School of Economics</p>
            
<p>Graduated with merit from interdisciplinary studies applying philosophical theory into policy practices, with a focus on digital policy and philosophy of technology. Dissertation introduced the concept of a cyber-harm principle to synthesise the conflict between cyber-libertarianism and cyber-paternalism.
</p>
      <br> <br> <br>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-3 md-4 sm-12" align="left">
        <p>2010 - 2014</p>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-6 md-8 sm-12" align="left">
        <p><b>BA (Hons) Philosophy and Political Science</b></p>
        <p>University of Guelph</p>
        
<p>Graduated with distinction from a double major in Philosophy and Political Science. Researched and wrote two honours theses: one focusing on how digital media and the internet influences our perception of and relationship with the self, others, and the world. The other doing a comparative analysis of monetary policy within Canada and the UK, researching the potential conflict central banks may have on principles of democracy. 
</p>
      <br> <br> <br>
      </div>
<hr width="100%" align="center">
      <div class="col lg-3 md-12 sm-12 section-title" align="left">
        <h3>Independent Study</h3>
      </div>
  <div class="col lg-3 md-4 sm-12" align="left">
        <p>2017</p>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-6 md-8 sm-12" align="left">
        <p><b>User Experience Design</b></p>
        <p>General Assembly</p>
        
<p>Engaged in an intensive user experience design course which began with defining a problem and going through design process to come up with a solution. It involved conducting user-research, experience mapping, wireframing, rapid prototyping, usability testing, and presenting our work in a final presentation.</p>
        
<p><a href="/docs/GA-Presentation.pdf" target="_blank">View final presentation.</a>.</p

<p><a href="/docs/GA-UXD-Certificate.pdf" target="_blank">View certificate</a>.</p>
      <br> <br> <br>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-3 md-4 sm-12" align="left">
        <p>2017</p>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-6 md-8 sm-12" align="left">
        <p><b>Design Kit: The Course for Human-Centered Design</b></p>
        <p>IDEO</p>
        
<p>Successfully completed an intensive course run by IDEO, in a team with two other designers based in Toronto. We collaborated on a design challenge to go through the stages of inspiration, ideation, and implementation.</p>
        
<p><a href="/docs/IDEO-Presentation.pdf" target="_blank">See the learning outcome and result of our hard work</a>.</p>

<p><a href="/docs/IDEO-HCD-Certificate.pdf" target="_blank">View certificate</a>.</p>
      <br> <br> <br>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-3 md-4 sm-12" align="left">
        <p>2017 - Present</p>
      </div>
      <div class="col lg-6 md-8 sm-12" align="left">
        <p><b>Practitioner in Agile</b></p>
        <p>British Computer Society</p>
        
<p>Pursued a 12-week part-time training course provided by emergn around the fundamental principles of agile, lean, and user-centred design. At the end, I was wrote and successfully passed an exam provided by the British Computer Society which provides a professional certification as a practitioner in agile.</p>
    
<p><a href="/docs/Agile-Presentation.pdf" target="_blank">Presentation how I applied some of my learning while working as a Scrum Master</a>.</p>

<p><a href="/docs/Agile-Practitioner.pdf" target="_blank">View Agile Practitioner certification</a>.</p>
        <br> <br> <br>
      </div>
</section>
